tutorial/command_server_format.md, before:

# Command server format

The command server format of each data type is defined here. It is the format that the command server sent to the device to process.


**The timestamp is using the UNIX timestamp format.


## Switch

```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{0 or 1}

```
0 stands for OFF, and 1 stands for ON.

For example:

switch01,, 1

To turn the switch01 to on state, and do not give the timestamp.

## Category
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{Key Value}
```
The Key value will correspond to the Key name that you’ve set.

## Integer
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{Integer}
```

## Float
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{Float}
```

## Hex
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{Hex value}
```
Hex is referred to hexadecimal value which only takes value from A-D and 0-9.

## String
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{string}
```

## GPS
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{latitude},{longitude},{altitude}
```

The range of latitude is from -90 to 90. 0 to 90 stands for North and 0 to -90 stands for South.

The range of longitude is from -180 to 180. 0 to 180 stands for East and 0 to -180 stands for West.

The range of altitude is from 0 to 20000 in meter.

## GPIO
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{0 ot 1}
```
0 stands for Low, and 1 stands for High.

## PWM
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{value},{period}

```

Commit message:

update the command server format for the example to parse data

tutorial/command_server_format.md, after:

# Command server format

The command server format of each data type is defined here. It is the format that the command server sent to the device to process.

**The timestamp is using the UNIX timestamp format.

The device will get the data as the following format from the command server, and the user can write a parser in the device to parse the data needed.

Here is an example of how to parse and extract the datachannelId, value, and period of a PWM.

https://gist.github.com/iamblue/29705021bd77c9be6004



## Switch

```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{0 or 1}

```
0 stands for OFF, and 1 stands for ON.

For example:

switch01,, 1

To turn the switch01 to on state, and do not give the timestamp.

## Category
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{Key Value}
```
The Key value will correspond to the Key name that you’ve set.

## Integer
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{Integer}
```

## Float
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{Float}
```

## Hex
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{Hex value}
```
Hex is referred to hexadecimal value which only takes value from A-D and 0-9.

## String
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{string}
```

## GPS
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{latitude},{longitude},{altitude}
```

The range of latitude is from -90 to 90. 0 to 90 stands for North and 0 to -90 stands for South.

The range of longitude is from -180 to 180. 0 to 180 stands for East and 0 to -180 stands for West.

The range of altitude is from 0 to 20000 in meter.

## GPIO
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{0 ot 1}
```
0 stands for Low, and 1 stands for High.

## PWM
```
deviceId,deviceKey,timestamp,dataChannelId,{value},{period}

```
