tutorial/create_your_first_device.md, before:

# Create your first device

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mediatek-Cloud/MCS/master/graphics/content_img/content_img-09.jpg)

## How to create a test device step by step

[Prerequisites] Create your first prototype

Step 1. Go to the Prototype Detail Page you just created.

Step 2. Click Create Test Device button on the upper right.

Step 3. There will be a create test device dialog asking for Device name and description. Enter the device name and description and click OK button.

Step 4. You will get a message of creating test device successfully. You can go to the test device detail directly.

Step 5. Or you can also check the test device in **Test Device** tab too.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mediatek-Cloud/MCS/master/graphics/screenshot/screen_shot-06.jpg)



## How to get Device ID and Key



After creating the test device, the developer can view and control the device to make sure its functionality before release the prototype in the future.

You will find the Device Id in two places:

1. **Test Device** tab in prototype detail page.

2. Test device detail page under My device.


![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mediatek-Cloud/MCS/master/graphics/screenshot/screen_shot-07.jpg)



The device ID and device key will be needed when calling our API to access this device. In the test device detail page, click on the blue font Id and key to copy the entire string to your copy board.

Commit message:

update test device tutorial to explain the prototype and test device unsynchronized behavior

tutorial/create_your_first_device.md, after:

# Create your first device

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mediatek-Cloud/MCS/master/graphics/content_img/content_img-09.jpg)

## How to create a test device step by step

[Prerequisites] Create your first prototype

Step 1. Go to the Prototype Detail Page you just created.

Step 2. Click Create Test Device button on the upper right.

Step 3. There will be a create test device dialog asking for Device name and description. Enter the device name and description and click OK button.

Step 4. You will get a message of creating test device successfully. You can go to the test device detail directly.

Step 5. Or you can also check the test device in **Test Device** tab too.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mediatek-Cloud/MCS/master/graphics/screenshot/screen_shot-06.jpg)


Please be noted that the data channels of the created test device are the data channels of the prototype at the created moment. The created test devices will not synchronized with the prototype data channel change. If you update the data channel in the prototype, you need to create another test device to have the update.


## How to get Device ID and Key



After creating the test device, the developer can view and control the device to make sure its functionality before release the prototype in the future.

You will find the Device Id in two places:

1. **Test Device** tab in prototype detail page.

2. Test device detail page under My device.


![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Mediatek-Cloud/MCS/master/graphics/screenshot/screen_shot-07.jpg)



The device ID and device key will be needed when calling our API to access this device. In the test device detail page, click on the blue font Id and key to copy the entire string to your copy board.
